{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab J. E. Dayhoff and J. M. DeLeo, \uc0\u8220{}Artificial neural networks,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Cancer}, vol. 91, no. S8, pp. 1615\uc0\u8211{}1635, Apr. 2001.
\
[2]\tab {\i{}Artificial Neural Networks - A Practical Course | Ivan Nunes da Silva | Springer}. .
\
[3]\tab J. E. Dayhoff and J. M. Deleo, \uc0\u8220{}Artificial neural networks: opening the black box,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Cancer}, vol. 91, no. 8 Suppl, pp. 1615\uc0\u8211{}35, 2001.
\
[4]\tab J. Li, J. Cheng, J. Shi, and F. Huang, \uc0\u8220{}Brief Introduction of Back Propagation (BP) Neural Network Algorithm and Its Improvement,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Advances in Computer Science and Information Engineering}, Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2012, pp. 553\uc0\u8211{}558.
\
[5]\tab D. Coomans, I. Broeckaert, M. Jonckheer, and D. L. Massart, \uc0\u8220{}Comparison of multivariate discrimination techniques for clinical data--application to the thyroid functional state.,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Methods Inf Med}, vol. 22, pp. 93\uc0\u8211{}101, 1983.
\
[6]\tab B. Kosko, \uc0\u8220{}Fuzzy systems as universal approximators,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Computers, IEEE Transactions on}, vol. 43, no. 11, pp. 1329\uc0\u8211{}1333, 1994.
\
[7]\tab M. Galassi, {\i{}GNU scientific library: reference manual}, 3rd ed., For GSL version 1.12. Bristol: Network Theory, 2009.
\
[8]\tab K. Hornik, M. Stinchcombe, and H. White, \uc0\u8220{}Multilayer feedforward networks are universal approximators,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Neural Networks}, vol. 2, no. 5, pp. 359\uc0\u8211{}366, Jan. 1989.
\
[9]\tab {\i{}Neural Networks and Statistical Learning | Ke-Lin Du | Springer}. .
\
[10]\tab I. Sutskever, J. Martens, G. Dahl, and G. Hinton, \uc0\u8220{}On the importance of initialization and momentum in deep learning,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}PMLR}, 2013, pp. 1139\uc0\u8211{}1147.
\
[11]\tab E. Barnard, \uc0\u8220{}Optimization for training neural nets,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks}, vol. 3, no. 2, pp. 232\uc0\u8211{}240, Mar. 1992.
\
[12]\tab N. Bratchell, \uc0\u8220{}Potential pattern recognition in chemical and medical decision making D. Coomans and I. Broeckaert, Research Studies Press Ltd., Letchworth, 1986. (Chemometrics Series). No. of pages: xiii + 256. Price: \uc0\u163{}29.50. ISBN: 0 86380 041 6,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}J. Chemometrics}, vol. 1, no. 4, pp. 247\uc0\u8211{}248, Oct. 1987.
\
[13]\tab B. W. Kernighan, {\i{}The C programming language}, 2nd ed. Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice Hall, 1988.
\
[14]\tab R. M. Reese, {\i{}Understanding and Using C Pointers}. .
\
[15]\tab N. Nethercote and J. Seward, \uc0\u8220{}Valgrind: a framework for heavyweight dynamic binary instrumentation,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ACM SIGPLAN Notices}, vol. 42, no. 6, pp. 89\uc0\u8211{}100, 2007.
\
}